hello how about youtube friends how
are the racers friends and in this
I bring you a tutorial of
minecraft to build a useful and very
practical trash can which is going to
serve a lot since it will help us
eliminate those useless objects that
have in our inventory or in
our chests in case you 're already
full and we do not want to keep them many
Sometimes what we do is throw an object
out on the map but the problem is
that this can worry us a lot
acc we can also make a hole in
the earth and put lava and throw them there
but the problem is that if our house
it's wood is going to start burning
and we do not want that true
what to build this trash can
it's the simplest thing in the world
to occupy very easy materials
get and good to do it
we're just going to make a 3 hole
blocks down like it's there 123 to
this one and in the third we're going to put a
block of sand there and now we're going to
break the blocks that
they hinder us here forming as a
kind of cross and who are we going to
occupying a cactus like this is this cactus that
then it bothers us he clicks on us and
because we have cut a utility and
very well already once we have placed
the cactus we are going to put aside here
there is a trapdoor there to open
up to 12 as the cover of our
trash can and here together we're going to
place a pressure plate either of
wood or stone we're going to put it there
is and to decorate we can also
place a sign on the top
here that says trash can
boat of
ensures that it is
very well and now when we approach
the trapdoor is going to open and now what
that will magically make the cactus will be that
when we take an object and throw it
this one just disappears that's how
if it were the lava but without putting in
risk our house and well there it is
very easy to make this trash can
it's very simple we just take the
objects that no longer work for us
so well we are going to go stretching one
for one pulls is also or not
and good friends I hope this video
tutorial has been very helpful
they liked it but they can leave their
like your comment and subscribe your
friends racers and see you until the
next
Y